refactor(esl-share): revisit `ESLShareConfig` API, create tests and documentation (#2006)
exadel-inc/esl: src/modules/esl-share/README.md

```typescript
// Add 'facebook' button to the configuration
ESLShareConfig.append({
   name: 'facebook',
   action: 'media',
   // ...
});
// Add 'mygroup' group to the configuration
ESLShareConfig.append({
   name: 'mygroup',
   list: 'facebook twitter linkedin'
});
```

The `ESLShareConfig.append` accepts a list of buttons or groups as well:
```typescript
ESLShareConfig.append([
  {
    name: 'facebook',
    action: 'media',
    // ...
  },
  {
    name: 'linkedin',
    action: 'media',
    // ...
  }
]);
```

The `esl-share` module provides an out of the box configuration for the most popular social networks and sharing options.
To use it, you need to import required configuration from the `esl-share/buttons` directory it will automatically register in the `ESLShareConfig.instance`:

```typescript
// Register 'facebook' button ootb configuration
import '@exadel/esl/modules/esl-share/buttons/facebook';

// Register all buttons ootb configurations
import '@exadel/esl/modules/esl-share/buttons/all';
```

Note: configuration of the button or group appends to the existing configuration but overrides the existing one if the button or group with the same name already exists.

> In case you need just a littlle fix up the existing configuration you can use ootb button config and then override it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you need just a little fix up the existing configuration you can use ootb button config and then override it:
```

```typescript
import {facebook} from '@exadel/esl/modules/esl-share/buttons/facebook';
// Change icon of the facebook button
ESLShareConfig.append({
  ...facebook,
  icon: '<svg>...</svg>'
});
```

You can also override the configuration of the button or group in the runtime. 

The `esl-share` module supports configuration by the `ESLShareConfigInit` object
```typescript
export interface ESLShareConfigInit {
  /** List of share buttons configurations */
  buttons?: ESLShareButtonConfig[];
  /** List of share buttons groups configurations */
  groups?: ESLShareGroupConfig[];
}
```

The `ESLShareConfigInit` object can be passed to the `ESLShareConfig.set` method.

> It is use full when you have group you configuration in a single json file, or generate it in the runtime 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is usefull when you have group you configuration in a single json file, or generate it in the runtime 
```
